(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] This is the
mysterious world
where Digimon live
the Digital World.
Tai Kamiya and the rest
of the Digi-Destined,
journey onward to a new
stage in their adventure
along with their
Digimon partners.
In the real world, the
International Space Station
had hurtled toward the Earth.
But Izzy and the group somehow
found a way to change
its trajectory.
Once again, a crisis was averted
and Tokyo escaped danger.
Meanwhile in the Digital World,
Mimi was having a wonderful time
after finding herself
inexplicably showered
with precious gems by
unfamiliar Digimon.
What has happened to Mimi?
Will Tai and his group ever
be able to safely reunite
with Mimi again?
Okay guys!
It's high time we look for
grub and fill up our bellies.
You know I'm in!
What do you say we split
into teams and look around?
There's a chance we
might run into trouble,
so don't roam too far
away from the campsite.
Don't you worry, 'cause
as long as I'm with Kari,
I'll defend her to the end.
I swear it on my life!
Think you can handle
this, Patamon?
Me and TK'll have lots of fun!
I don't think that's
what he meant.
Did you wanna play
with us too, Gatomon?
-(Gatomon sighs)
-(laughter)
(chuckles)
Don't forget we're
supposed to share those
with everybody else!
Sorry!
I'll shake 'em loose
so you can cath them.
(leaves rustling)
Wait, let me help
you from down here.
-(grunting)
-(tree creaking)
(shouting)
(tree falling)
Whoa, look!
Is that Tai and Agumon?
(splash)
Did you seriously just do that?
Over here!
Huh?
Hey!
Come back!
Sora, wait for me!
Well,
we're still alive.
I don't know how we made it.
I'm sorry you guys.
I should have just digivolved
as soon as I saw you.
Ehhh...
We were the ones who
goofed in the first place.
Is it just me, or do all
these rocks look super shiny?
What in the world?
(rocks crashing)
(yelling)
[Tai] Uhh, who're these guys?
[Agumon] Looks like
a buncha Gotsumon!
Is it just me,
or have we been through
this sorta thing before?
Oh, it's Tai!
And Sora too!
[Tai & Sora] Mimi?
I'm so happy I ran into you!
I mean talk about
perfect timing, huh?
I hope you're ready
to get to work!
[Biyomon] Is that a castle?
(rumbling)
What do you thinks
making that noise?
Whatever it is, it's
giving me the creeps.
So, whose castle is this?
Actually, you're looking
at the lair of a Digimon.
The one who rules this place.
That Digimon came and
rounded up the Gotsumon
who were originally living here.
They're forced to do manual
labor deep underground!
And everything that they
dig up is snatched away and
goes straight to the boss!
This place is run
like a sweatshop!
It's oppression, I tell you!
The injustices of
society have taken hold
of the Digital World!
-(Mimi growls)
-(Tai and Sora laugh nervously)
You wanna tell us what
they're mining for?
Glad you asked.
It's for these!
[Sora] Well, that's
a very pretty stone.
[Mimi] Behold, the Ruby of
the Maiden's Passionate Heart
Sparkling in the
Beautiful Sunset!
That's a big one.
Is it really a ruby?
Yeah, it does sure
looks like one to me.
[Palmon] We've got lots
of and lots more, too!
You see this one?
It's called the
Heart-Throbbing Emerald
of Fresh Green Grass!
And this one's the
Sparkling Sapphire
of Life Shimmering
in the Night Sky!
And there's a
whole lot more too!
Is that what you call them?
Mimi and I came up with
names for every gem!
We haven't come across
any diamonds though,
so we're one gem
short of perfection.
Well their names are kinda long,
but they're nice enough I guess.
So where've you been
finding these things anyway?
They're hidden all
over the place.
But for the absolute
biggest number of them,
you gotta dig under that castle.
Me and Gotsumon friends...
forced to work.
And no rest time allowed.
Dig and dig.
Never stop, always working.
[Sora] Wait, then you
were down there too?
[Mimi] These are all the
Digimon who managed to escape
with their lives.
They were taking
refuge in the rocks,
before Palmon and I happened
to fly into their hideaway.
At first, they thought we
were sent to spy on them,
and we ended up getting
chased around the rocks.
But after the ensuing
exchange of fists
between Togemon and Golemon,
and the frenzy of
fun and excitement,
any bad first impressions
were swept under the rug.
(bell dings)
Before we knew it, we
were getting along,
and Mimi's second
kingdom was born,
naturally!
[Sora] Oh, so that's
what happened.
All right!
That's enough jibber-jabber!
Now that we've accumulated
enough manpower here,
we can finally execute our
first order of operation!
Uh, operation?
Yep!
A project like no other!
We're gonna crush that castle!
You wanna save the Digimon
from their suffering.
That's what you mean, right?
Admirable.
Get ready, because I'll
never forgive them!
They'll rue the day they chose
to hoard all the profits!
-[Sora] What?
-[Tai] Uh...
My late grandfather,
was the great
Genichiro Tachikawa.
As the head of Tachikawa
Heavy Industries, he'd say,
"A company where people are
rewarded for their efforts
and smile while they work,
that's what Tachikawa Heavy
Industries strives to be!"
Toiling all day and night,
burning yourself out and
having no say in the matter?
Grinding into dust while the
fat cats reap the benefits?
It's tyranny!
And I refuse to
look the other way!
(cheering)
Uh, yeah.
Not sure why we're
cheering, but hooray!
Didn't understand a
word, but go Mimi!
Oh, great.
I'm glad we're all in, I guess.
Now everybody get to work!
And give me
everything you've got!
(cheering)
Yes boss!
Ready!
Servant Number 99
reporting for duty!
Let's go!
Yikes.
Tai's Servant Number 72.
And Sora's Servant Number 73!
Isn't that right?
Whoa, you actually
remembered that?
What are you talking about?
Oh right, we had numbers.
And don't you ever
forget them, you hear?
But today's different.
You'll be my employees instead!
How does that sound?
Nice to meet you!
Welcome, 72!
And welcome, 73.
Oh, hello?
Happy to be here.
Without further ado...
Time for the Mimi Kingdom
and Mimi Company Workplace
Improvement Project
to begin at last!
Here we go!
(cheering)
Seriously?
Feels more like the Mimi
Peer Pressure Project.
(yawns)
[Izzy] Roger that, Tai.
We'll start heading
over there ASAP.
-(Digivice beeps)
-It'll take us a while, though.
I wonder how far
out everyone went.
It's hard to catch up.
At times like these,
I find myself wishing
our Digivices had positional
tracking to help us.
Well in the meantime,
we should just keep
moving along this river.
Wait a second,
is it me, or are we
starting to drift away?
You gotta be kidding me!
I think he passed out!
He's asleep at the wheel!
[Patamon] Wake up, Komondomon!
-Rise and shine!
-[Tentomon] Wakey wakey!
[Sora] Ready, Birdamon?
Let's show them what we got!
(metal clanging)
(hisses)
[Sora] Here it comes!
Then up we go!
First off, we need to get
the lookout's attention.
Sunarizamon.
Shoots sand from mouth.
Deadly.
But still, aim can
only reach so high.
Tai's group should be
making the next move!
(grunts)
(loud crashing)
Oh, wow!
I think I actually broke
a sweat back there!
Same, I'm a little pooped!
Uh, you're not the ones who
did the all the digging.
Exploiting these poor Gotsumon
into endless drudgery?
You've got some real nerve
doing that on my watch!
Any wicked manager who dares
to treat their diligent workers
poorly shall be laid off!
For in the name of Tachikawa,
I will corporately punish you!
(groans)
Yo Mimi, be careful!
Go teach 'em a lesson!
I choose you, Number 72!
[Tai & Greymon] Huh?
You talking to us?
Whatever.
Better move.
Let's do it, Greymon!
Okay!
(thud)
Okay, cough it up, buster!
C'mon! Tell us where
the sparkly stones are
before I lose my patience!
Goburimon say, keep
shiny rocks at very top.
Good to know!
You come along with us, Golemon!
Okay!
Wait, where do you
think you're going?
While Sora provides
us with a distraction,
we'll start digging underground.
Then we'll rescue the
Gotsumon from the castle
and make our way outta there!
What happened to our plan?!
Time for Plan B!
We'll leave that to you!
What do you mean, Plan B?
We did not cover
this at the meeting.
(hisses)
We've got company!
Not for long!
Nova Blast!
Not really feeling Plan B...
I've got this.
You go on ahead, Tai.
Thanks a lot.
Go get 'em, buddy!
Hey!
Right behind you, Mimi!
Slow down, will ya?
Over there!
See?
[Palmon] What's he guarding?
I bet their gems are
behind that door!
Now, Palmon!
Palmon digivolve to...!
Togemon!
(bouncing thuds)
You're welcome!
Consider that a nice company
bonus for your loyal service.
Oof, I'd hate to see the
retirement package...
(giggles)
Wow!
So uh, these are all
the real thing, right?
Of course they are!
Can't you tell?
This one looks just like topaz!
This one's purple like amethyst!
And there's rubies
and sapphires galore!
Isn't this your lucky day.
Sure is!
You just reminded me.
I have an important
announcement to make!
[Tai] Oh?
I'm promoting you, Tai!
From this moment on, you'll be
our company transport chief!
[Togemon] Congratulations!
That's a senior role!
I'm way too young!
[Mimi] Huh?
Where did that come from?
Could it be?
I can hardly believe my eyes!
It's the first diamond I've
stumbled upon since I got here!
Not to mention a
hefty one at that!
Ah, it's a dream come true!
That's wonderful, Mimi!
It is.
I'll name this gem the
Tachikawa Diamond after myself!
-(rumbling)
-What's that noise?
[Tai] It's the same
sound we heard outside!
Hey, is that a
Digimon over there?
Yeah, and I think it's
...eating the stones?
-Need more.
-(rocks crunching)
Still not full.
Always hungry.
Stomach growling.
(gem clatters)
It's a diamond!
I bet he spat out the
one we found earlier too!
What gives, big mouth!
What are you doing?!
(growls)
It's Gogmamon.
An Ultimate Digimon!
What do you think you're doing
gobbling my gemstones
like bonbons?
[Gogmamon] This castle is mine.
Everything in it is mine.
That's a direct breach
of the Anti-Monopoly Act,
you creep!
[Gogmamon] Fine, what
shall I snack on then?
You?
What was that?
Snack?
On us?
[Gogmamon] You look
tastier than Gotsumon.
(gasps)
[Tai] What the...
Don't tell me he ate them too...
(growls)
Won't forgive you!
(yelling)
Oh really?
Giant Grater!
(screaming)
(crash)
Togemon!
Golemon!
[Tai] Golemon!
(groans)
You gonna make it, buddy?
Yeah...
(rumbling)
That Digimon...
Too strong!
Mimi!
Run away!
Golemon!
(growls)
[Mimi] I've had enough of you!
[Tai] Uh, Mimi?
Everything here is
mine to consume.
Rocks, other Digimon.
All of it belongs to --
Belongs to me!
Oof, here we go...
How dare you!
It's a disgrace!
He's a beloved employee.
And I won't leave
my employees behind!
If you think I will,
you've got another thing coming!
Togemon digivolve to...!
Lillymon!
No more bargaining!
Giant Grater!
Flower Cannon!
(explosion)
(rocks crunching)
(growls)
What's he doing?
Curse Refraction!
(crash)
(rock crunching)
Lillymon!
Let him have it!
Okay!
Flower...
(rocks crunching)
Cannon!
Curse Refraction!
(rocks crunching)
(gem clatters)
There's our answer!
Hurry!
Lillymon!
Use this to attack!
Are you sure?
That's a diamond.
Isn't it too precious?
I'll survive.
I have other precious things
worth way more!
Mimi never gives up!
It's over for you!
Curse Refraction!
Of course!
Your chompers can bite through
everything except diamonds,
right?
That's why you were
spitting them out earlier!
[Greymon] There you are!
Perfect timing you guys!
[Sora] You had us worried!
[Biyomon] What did we miss?
Know what my
grandpa used to say?
"The people you work with
are as precious as family."
When you neglect family
this is the price you pay!
That's right!
Here we go!
Effective immediately...!
[Mimi & Lillymon] You're fired!
(yelling)
(cheers)
That was amazing Mimi!
You weren't so bad
yourself there, Lillymon!
Serious teamwork,
Great job.
You sure showed them who's boss!
Mimi.
Leader.
Our fearless...
President.
(Gotsumon chittering)
Au revoir!
You take care now!
Golemon, I'm leaving
you in charge.
Yay!
As acting president of
Mimi Company, I will...
I will work hard 'til
Mimi come back someday.
Please, Number 72, 73.
Take care of her.
Our precious leader.
[Tai] We will.
Do your best, Number 99.
And Gotsumon, too!
(cheering)
Oh, and one more thing!
Don't you ever forget:
a company's not
just where you work.
It's so much more
than that, y'know?
It's about
accomplishing something
with your friends!
Okay?
(cheering)
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia!
Leomon, the Digimon of Justice.
Also known as the Noble Hero.
The Fist of the Beast King
attack launched from that
super-toned body
is ultrapowerful!
Now, let's check this out!
Those powerful pecs
and dynamic delts!
Those beefy biceps
and awesome abdominals
look like they were
carved from marble!
If Leomon owned a gym, I'd
sign up in a heartbeat!
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] To save Gabumon
from being sacrificed
in a cursed ritual,
Matt must climb the
most insurmountable
mountain wall he's ever seen.
[Tai] Next time: "The
Blazing Blue Friendship!"
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.